---
date: 2020-09-07T00:00:00.000Z
layout: post
title: Periyar 143 - Birthday Celebrations
subtitle: 'Let us celebrate together - Online event organized by Periyar International USA.'
description: >-
  Periyar International invites everyone to join virtually to celebrate Periyar's 143rd birthday.
image: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/periyar142/image/upload/v1599445469/Ayya_p4dnwg.png
optimized_image: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/periyar142/image/upload/c_scale,w_380/v1599445469/Ayya_p4dnwg.png 
category: invitation
tags:
  - welcome
  - invitation
author: Periyar-International
paginate: false
---

<strong>Thanthai Periyar</strong> – the father of Modern Dravidian movement – a true visionary who propounded rationalism, a fierce leader who defied all odds, a leader without borders and boundaries dedicated his entire life to the fight against inequality and social injustice in striving to establish an egalitarian society. To eradicate Casteism in Indian society following the dictates of the Hindu religion where people are enslaved based on discrimination at birth.   Indian Caste system earmarked at birth was dictated and cleverly manipulated by the Hindu religious doctrine which sets a top-down social structure of oppression that differentiates individuals based on birth and social standing.

As we get ready to celebrate the 142nd birth anniversary of Tamilnadu’s Trailblazer Champion of Social Justice, our most revered “Thanthai Periyar,” who served as the Voice of the Voiceless and stood up for the underdog in his fight against oppression… let us stand together and declare our renewed commitment to building an Egalitarian society. We believe this speech competition among our youth will not only enable them to get to know why he is rightfully Periyar… but also appreciate his remarkable service in empowering women and uplifting the downtrodden and the deprived. As we cherish and celebrate the legacy of his enduring leadership and selfless service in emancipating our society from the evil and horrific clutches of casteism, let us come together in paying our debt of gratitude by engaging our rational thinking,  seeking greater understanding and answers to questions that will ensure a change for the better. But for his undaunting bold, humanistic and altruistic efforts, WE WILL NOT BE WHERE WE ARE TODAY … be the educated privileged masses we are today in this land of the free and the home of the brave.  Let us not lose sight of this fact… let us join hands in declaring our renewed commitment to Unity & Equity. Let us stand in solidarity to continually engage ourselves and our younger generation in voicing our support and stand up for the voiceless… thereby enforcing the human values of Liberty, Equality and Fraternity as standard for all and not just a few self-proclaimed privileged.  Please pledge your support as you open your hearts and minds and contribute generously to educate our youth in being the torch bearers of Periyar’s ideology of an All-Inclusive Equitable Society and work to be part of the solution.