---
date: 2020-09-19T00:00:00.000Z
layout: post
title: Guest Speakers
subtitle: Day-1 celebrations on Saturday, 19.Sep.2020, 10 AM CST
description: Our expert speakers will explore topics on Globalizing Humanism, Social Justice, Building Young Minds and Secular Ideas
image: https://res.cloudinary.com/periyar142/image/upload/v1599453683/Guests_isch37.png
optimized_image: https://res.cloudinary.com/periyar142/image/upload/c_scale,w_380/v1599453683/Guests_isch37.png
category: Speakers
tags:
  - Guests
  - Speakers
author: Periyar-International
paginate: false
---

Our expert speakers will explore topics on Globalizing Humanism, Social Justice, Building Young Minds and Secular Ideas.

<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Day/Date</td>
      <td>Saturday, 19.Sep.2020</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Time</td>
      <td>10 AM (CST) | 11 AM (EST) | 9 AM (PST) | 8:30 PM (TAMILNADU)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Meeting Link</td>
      <td><p><a href='https://us02web.zoom.us/j/87673250276'>Click to Join: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/87673250276</a><br/>Meeting ID: 876 7325 0276</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>


> <strong>Globalizing Humanism and Social Justice</strong>

<p>
<strong>Madhan Karky Vairamuthu</strong> is an Tamil lyricist, screenwriter, research associate, software engineer, and entrepreneur. A holder of a doctorate in computer science from the University of Queensland, Karky began his professional career as an assistant professor at the College of Engineering, Guindy, and soon after ventured into the Tamil film industry, working as a lyricist and dialogue writer. He resigned from his teaching profession in early 2013 and began working full-time in the film industry, while also launching the Karky Research Foundation (KaReFo), an educational research organization which primarily focuses on language computing and language literacy.[2] He also founded the Mellinam Education, which develops educational games and story books designed to propagate learning among children,[3] and DooPaaDoo, an online music platform which promotes independent music and serves a distributor for film soundtracks.
</p>

> <strong>Young Minds and Secular Ideas</strong>

<p>
<strong>Kevin Bolling</strong> is the executive director of the Secular Student Alliance.He has served in that position since 2017. Kevin brings with him 20 years of nonprofit leadership experience. His career has included over 10 years of student association management and on-campus program development from Los Angeles to Boston. For 10 years, Kevin served as the Executive Director of the California Thoroughbred Horsemen’s Foundation, a charitable trust serving the healthcare needs of the industries’ largely immigrant workforce. Most recently, Kevin served as the Director of Philanthropy at the Gay Men's Chorus of Los Angeles, a major LGBTQ arts advocacy organization, whose youth outreach work has moved thousands of hearts and minds across the US towards embracing LGBTQ equality.
</p>



> <strong><a href='https://us02web.zoom.us/j/87673250276'>Click to Join: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/87673250276</a><br/>Meeting ID: 876 7325 0276</strong>